Then we sort of fell into using faculty members
extensively to do work which could just as well
have been done by graduate students. And now we're
coming back to using graduate students more. You
think that's part of getting the system set up?
Probably, yeah. And again, there are things
where, while a graduate student, for instance,
might be able to go out and interview a
manufacturer and come back with the same There's,
again, the additional perspective that
experience gives when the faculty member, the
mature faculty member, could sit there and say,
now what's this guy really saying? The nuances.
Yeah. What does he really mean when he says that?
And that's just something you get through
experience. Are there any points that you'd like
to bring up for posterity that we haven't covered?
Well, I'd like to be able to look at it ten years from
now and see if everything that we've planned to do
actually worked out that way. What do you have to
say? Oh, I would like to see InVent as a standalone
organization with more flexibility to work in and
out of the university, so that it would have to be
self-supporting and free of state funding at that
point. And I would think that one located here in
proximity to the university would, but having its
own self-generated funds, would be far more
flexible in working with the faculty, and as well
as being able to reach out and hire consultants
from around the state or around the country,
around the world. And I'd like to point with Pri to
some cubic packages. You know, somebody had to
help Bill Hewitt and Dave Packer. I don't know if I
can duplicate Fred Terriman, but again, I think
that there's something motivating in that
direction. Do you think ten years is about the time
that you get self-supporting? Well, that's a
goal. And again, I'd say if we can't do it in ten
years, then there's something very, very wrong
with what we're doing.
Although I talked to a fellow yesterday, I thought
it was yesterday, last month, from University of
Research in Tucson, Arizona. And they were
originally funded by the Cottrell Foundation to
take university developments and license them.
They've been in business now for about 50 years,
and it's about breaking even. And 60% of their
income is due to one patent. So without that lucky
hit, they'd be way behind. On the other hand,
because we're taking equity in businesses, we
should be doing a lot better. They're just taking
the royalty. And they're just dealing with
university inventions? Yeah. But on a nationwide
basis.
What we're doing, we're taking royalties also
where it's appropriate, but we'll take shares of
stock where that's appropriate. As a result,
we're not tied in to a given invention as much as we
are tied into a business. And what we say is, fine,
we're helping you start this business based on
such and such an invention, and we're going to take
a royalty on that. But that's not for the
invention. That's for starting the business. And
they'll say, well, for how long are you going to be
royalty? Forever. Well, are you going to help us
forever and ever? Nope. But you would have given us
10% of your stock if you'd asked for it. And you'd be
paying us dividends forever and ever on that
stock, unless we sold it. And that's basically
what we're doing. We're translating an
equivalent issue of stock into a royalty payment,
simply because you weren't intending to
incorporate in the first place. That's what we're
doing. But where it's clear that they're going to
incorporate, we may want to take the stock.
You're trying to stimulate business in Texas. Do
you require that they cooperate in Texas? Well, we
would, yeah, if it were from out of state. And we
also require that they locate in Texas. There are
three big pieces to a deal. One of them is the mentor
and invention. The next is the site of the business
or occasion of the business. The third is the
source of the capital. Ideally, all three of those
would be Texan. If you have to pick one that's most
important, I would say that's the manufacturing
location. Second importance is the location of
the inventor, and third would be the source of
capital. And if you're saying, well, I want to see
direct employment, then it's obviously the
source of the manufacturing location, isn't it?
So if it takes and came up to you and said, I want to
start a business in Louisiana, it's going to be
cheaper? Not necessarily. They may wind up that
way. Try talking them into bringing it to Texas?
Well, see what the benefit to Texas would be. And
we've had contacts from all over the world. And
when it's from out of state, we'd say, hey, look, if
we're going to work with you, it's got to be Texas.
Now, it's still untrusted. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
fine, let's put it in writing. Well, I'm not sure
I'm going to do that.
Anything else you'd like to add? No, I think that's
about it. All right, well, thank you for your time.